Okay, you can go.
My story doesn't even make you worry about Quang Lang King.
Did you know he's suspicious?
As the boss, you doubted me.
In my heart
Everyone around you is so good.
Everyone comes to you because of your power.
Everyone wants to hurt you.
Even me.
He doesn't have it.
The God in my heart is dead.
You're just a stranger in my eyes
Get out!
Boss.
All of them.
Did you arrange it all?
She deliberately let him meet his second brother.
You don't blame your sister, do you?
I'm just using a little trick.
After all, you say cooperation.
How do I know if it's real or fake?
So what exactly am I going to do?
You can trust me.
It's very simple, the collaboration between families from the past to the present.
The luckiest thing is marriage.
As long as you come home to propose.
I became your fiancee.
Nature will be happy.